Tiger Lord, he is a woman
What are you afraid of him for?
Get someone to kill him
Shut up, bastard
One more word, I'll chop you up and feed you to the fish now
Ah Qiang, you are really a good subordinate.
Even a dog can do whatever it wants
Miss Lin, please don't misunderstand
I have nothing to do with these two bastards
It's you.
Every day under the banner of Lao Tzu
Kneel down and apologize to Miss Lin
Otherwise I will kill you now
Sorry, Miss Lin.
Blame Ah Qiang for harvesting today
Let these two blind dogs hit you
I accept the punishment
Please let me live
Since it is a misunderstanding
Will you be stingy?
Well, you put half of the assets of the black tiger
Donate to charity
You're good to go.
Uh, yeah.
Miss Schelling
When you go back, you must do as you want.
Do more charity
I will never embarrass you, Miss Lin.
Tiger, you can't leave me alone
Start today.
My black tiger will have nothing to do with you anymore
If you let me know again that you are in my name
Courage for whom?
I will kill you in minutes
Hey, hey, hey.
Nonsense nonsense